# MART341-WebDesign

1) The internet is basically a connection of computers that transmit information from one computer to another. This information is stored in databases and that is how the infomation gets transfered from computer to computer. On the otherhand the World Wide Web is a global network that stores information in hyperlinks (aka links) that are stored on servers that are located all over the world. 
2)The internet works by transmitting information from one computer to another. However, it is much more complicated than that. The internet runs through a wire usually in the ground. The server that is directly connected to the internet is what sends the information from one computer to another, not your actual computer though. Computers are called Clients because they are not directly linked to the inteeerent wire. Each server has a unique IP address that helps send the information to the correct. Computers break the information down into "packets" then send then to another server where the information is then formed back into its original order. Anywhere that there is overlapping information that is being sent, there are routers that ensure that the information that you are sharing is going to the correct place.
3) A directory is like a filing sysytem for files. The Directory seperates and organizes the files within folders on a computer.
4) VCS will benefit me by letting us to edit our code. It will tell us what I did to the file such as spelling corrections,color chage, when the document was created. You can see how it looked before and after the document was edited. When there are multiple people working on one file, you can see who changed what was changed.
5) Screenshot
6) My favorite kind of art is graphite drawings because I think that it is more difficult to covey a story in all black and white. It also allows for more interpetation of what the piece of art may mean.


I had to do a lot of research on what these computer terminologies meant because this is the first computer class that I have had scince I was a freshman in high school. I think that it may be hard for me to stay up to date on all of the terms just because I am not very familiar with all of them but I am ready to put in the work needed to accomplish and do well in this course. Luckily these terms were largely available with in depth explanations of how each one works.
